DEP: GeoSeries.geom_almost_equals (#2604)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/docs/user_guide/data_structures.rst

Relationship tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * :meth:`~GeoSeries.geom_equals_exact`: is shape almost the same as ``other`` (good when floating point precision issues make shapes slightly different)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :meth:`~GeoSeries.geom_equals_exact`: is shape the same as ``other`` (up to a specified decimal place tolerance)
```
